Muniru Lamin
COSC320 Lab-7
04/03/19


This program is made to take is a word or a sentence and hash it and print it out in hexidecimal form
There is only one file that contains all my code, which is the main.cpp. In the main, I have 4 function 
including my main. I have a hex conversion function that takes the size_t value and prints it out as 
hexidecimal. I have my hash function which takes a size_t value and does a multiplicational computation 
to it and returns it. There are two string conversion functions which converts the string to an int in
their unique way before calling the hash function. Then finally my main which give the user an option
on which typ of string function to test, and prints out their original word and the hash hex conversion 
of their word.

1.I approach the problem by totally reviewing the prompt and understanding what my professor wanted me to do.
After reading, I implemented my has function because it was given in the prompt. Then I tested the function 
by creating some stuff in my main. And I continue to work on my other functions testing them as i implemented them.


2.Why does the Hash function make sense?
	This hash makes sense because taking the string coming into the hash and multiplying it by a huge 
	prime number and dividing it by the size the size of the machine size to the power of two will produce
	that will totally disguise the number that will return to the main.
 3.String Conversion functions
	My first string conversion function takes a string from the user and gets their ASCII values of each character 
	and multiply it by the size of the string. This is also known as the base 128 conversion.

	My second string conversion function takes a string and adds all the ASCII values up and hash it. this function
	was used to show why it is not a good idea to just add the ASCII values and hash beacuase all of the hash for the 
	permutation type of the word will have the same hash value.
4.My code can be improved by coming up with a more creative hash, but unfortunately I am still grabbing the concept of the 
different ways to convert string to int to get a better hash value. I could make my code better by making better string function,
make function for word only and function for sentences, add validation just incase the size of the sentence entered by the user 
goes beyond the int limit. 
